add section 2: methodology for approaching & evaluating solutions (#23)
mozilla/explainers: amount.md

If publishers had a mechanism to explicitly denote these numerical amounts and their units if any, 
then browsers could offer a privacy-respecting user-interface to display these amounts to the user according to their local units and punctuation preferences.

## Methodology for approaching & evaluating solutions

Per the priority of constituencies, we should first look for solutions that users can trust, 
e.g. if a solution enables an affordance to convert units, it should be 100% reliable like a calculator, 

> as users will expect any unit conversions to be simple arithmetic.

Reviewer: Oh, I just realized that the currency thing makes this far more interesting than before if you think about the presentation of counts vs. metrics.  Currency amounts are a count not a metric.

> as users will expect any unit conversions to be simple arithmetic.

Author: > do not meet this standard because they are subjective or changing

This brings up a meta-point, which is where to document what is deliberately "out of scope" for an Explainer. 

I think section "8. caveats, shortcomings, and other drawbacks of design choices, both current and any prior iterations" is suitable for this purpose, in order to keep section 1 simpler and shorter. I'm open to alternative suggestions.

If publishers had a mechanism to explicitly denote these numerical amounts and their units if any, 
then browsers could offer a privacy-respecting user-interface to display these amounts to the user according to their local units and punctuation preferences.

## Methodology for approaching & evaluating solutions

> Per the priority of constituencies, we should look for solutions that users can trust (like if there is an affordance to convert units, it should be 100% reliable when present), and second, solutions that are more dependable and robust for developers. In particular, we should look for and prefer declarative approaches over imperative approaches per [the Mozilla Web Vision, e.g. for more “robust & predictable fallback behaviors”](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/webvision/full/#thedeclarativeweb). Among such solutions, we should see if there have been past proposals, especially by web developers, and see if we can re-use any part of their ideas, semantics, or syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per the priority of constituencies, we should first look for solutions that users can trust (like if there is an affordance to convert units, it should be 100% reliable when present) and, second, solutions that are more dependable and robust for developers. In particular, we should look for and prefer [declarative approaches](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/webvision/full/#thedeclarativeweb) over imperative approaches.

For any solution, we will try to identify past proposals for the same problem or related problems. Understanding why past proposals succeeded or failed will inform decisions. Reusing components of successful ideas strengthens new work and improves consistency; avoiding problems that caused past efforts to fail ensures that mistakes are not repeated.
```

Author: I like the edits to the first part. I cut this however:
> For any solution, we will try to identify past proposals for the same problem or related problems. Understanding why past proposals succeeded or failed will inform decisions. Reusing components of successful ideas strengthens new work and improves consistency; avoiding problems that caused past efforts to fail ensures that mistakes are not repeated.

Because it doesn't quite reflect how to approach & evaluate, and punting to "succeeded or failed" or filtering based on "components of successful ideas" then begs the question of how to evaluate success/successful or failure of past approaches, which can vary a lot based on where they are in the platform and what problems they are/were attempting to solve for whom, and nevermind who implemented them (market "success" may have nothing to do with the merits of the approach). All of those can be better assessed with nuance in sections 3 & 4:
> prior/existing features (if any) and existing proposals (if any) that attempt to solve the problem(s)
> flaws or limitations in existing features/proposals that prevent solving the problem(s).

The point I was making with my last sentence ("we should see if there have been past proposals, especially by web developers") was to avoid bikeshedding for the sake of bikeshedding. If some web developers already made one or more proposals (yet lack the ability to deploy), that's worth looking at to avoid unnecessary reinvention ("see if we can re-use any part of their ideas, semantics, or syntax"). I can leave that out here as well, and instead bump it to section 3 as part of "existing proposals (if any) that attempt to solve the problem(s)".
